dev: add ENVOY_DOCKER_SKIP_PULL to skip docker pull (#25241)
envoyproxy/envoy: ci/README.md

IMAGE_NAME=envoyproxy/envoy-build-ubuntu go_proxy=https://goproxy.cn,direct http_proxy=http://proxy.foo.com:8080 https_proxy=http://proxy.bar.com:8080 ./ci/run_envoy_docker.sh <build_script_args>
```

> The script will always pull the docker image. If you want to skip this action, you can specify `ENVOY_DOCKER_SKIP_PULL=true`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
To force the Envoy build image to be refreshed by Docker you can set `ENVOY_DOCKER_PULL=true`.
```

```bash

> ENVOY_DOCKER_SKIP_PULL=true ./ci/run_envoy_docker.sh <build_script_args>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
ENVOY_DOCKER_PULL=true ./ci/run_envoy_docker.sh <build_script_args>
```
